---
layout: post
title: Week-Ten
fullview: true
---

## What did you do this past week?
Work on the Darwin project, and do substantial work for my research class. During the week in OOP, we talked about the Darwin project, had guest speakers for a Houston-based consulting firm come and give us career advice, and then have the Friday "free" to attend the festivities and symposiums for the 50th anniversary of the CS department.

## What's in your way?
This semester has been difficult for me in a philosophical (read: existential) way, and school has been a lower priority for me this semester. I feel like my internship, side-projects, and interactions within the community are now teaching me more than my classes are, and I'm most certainly ready for a change of pace.

## What will you do next week?
Finish the Darwin project, continue performing a substantial amount of work for my research class, and polishing up my resume and my LinkedIn profile.

## My experience with the class so far.
After this week, I feel that the class has been alright. Most of the lectures/projects up until now have been about teaching C++ and industry tools/practices, but the final two projects seem to insist on demonstrating the proper usage of various OOP concepts. I feel that this course has taught me a few things, but I don't feel that I've learned nearly as much as I thought that I would have by now. I may have had a different view of this course had I not done well in CS 312/314, or if I didn't have any prior industry experience, though.

## Tip of the week:
It never occurred to me until recently how lucky I am to have had the opportunity to work in several different full-time/part-time before and throughout college. Don't wait until after college to get a job. The most common reason that I hear for people to wait is "I'd rather focus on doing really well in school", and though it may seem counter-intuitive, taking on a part-time job during school can actually lead to a [higher GPA.](http://www.bls.gov/ore/abstract/ec/ec080020.htm)    
The reasoning is that, when someone takes on a moderate (~20 hours/week) workload, then that gives them less time to goof-off and more time to stay focused, while also giving them a break from the relative monotony of academic life. Seriously, get a job, it really is the bees' knees :-) .

## Joke of the week:
It's Christmas time!!!     
Halloween and Christmas are secretly the same day (at least for programmers).     
Why?     
Because Oct 31 = Dec 25
