---
layout: post
title: Week-Two
fullview: true
---

## What did you do this past week?
This past week, we covered some of the subtle details of our first project. Additionally, we had a guest from Longhorn Startup come and speak about the opportunities for budding-entrepeneurs within the Longhorn Startup class-series. Lastly, we went over handling errors within C++ code -- quite a bit different than catching Exceptions in Java, but not a difficult concept.

## What's in your way?
I've been sick this past week, and unfortunately had to miss Wednesday's class. I missed what I'm sure was a great and useful lecture on our "Collatz" project, but because of this I've come to find Piazza as the invaluable resource and great store of useful advice that it is. I've also been caught off guard by how quickly this semester has gotten into full-swing! I was expecting more of a gradual increase in the workload of my classes, but the work has already begun piling on. I'm going to have to ramp up my effort and devote more time to my studies if I'm going to do well.

## What will you do next week?
Next week I will be finishing up project Collatz, as well as catching up on reading (for all of my classes), finishing various homework assignments, and finishing up the projects I've got at my job.

## My experience with the class so far.
This class is shaping up to be quite different than what I was originally expecting. I've found that the bulk of this class is not had within the three lectures per-week, but rather in the outside activity that we should (read: "must") do: reading the weekly papers, reading the chapters of the book, working on the project, and seeking-out/reading about any questions/curiousities that we have.

## Pick of the week:
Before starting my first job, I was content with programming in VIM or the occasional lightweight IDE, but my employers really pushed the JetBrains' "IntelliJ IDEa" Java IDE. JetBrains' suite of IDEs is something that I cannot recommend highly enough! They have an IDE for many of the most popular languages -- Java, C++, JavaScript, Ruby, Python, etc. Each IDE has an integrated debugger, text predictor and auto-fill, statement evaluator, in-line descriptions for the values stored within different variables (when debuggin), a thorough set of different, customizeable settings, and the effective integration of many popular software packages: GitHub, Maven, Groovy, Gradle, really too many to list. JetBrains offers students full-use of their suite of IDEs (without license fees). Otherwise, the IDEs can be expensive, but I believe that the dramatic increase in productivity is well worth the expense. Keep in mind that the IDE can be a bit complicated, and it may take a few days of regular usage before feeling comfortable with them. Also, I am not a spokesperson for JetBrains, nor am I receiving any sort of financial benefit from this blog. I am just amazed at how much more productive I am because of these IDEs, and I wanted to share!
