---
layout: post
title: Week-One
fullview: true
---

## What did you do this past week?
This past week, we started class. The first two days of class we went over the syllabus, course logistics, and a general overview of what will be expected of us in this course.  We also took a first look at the C++ programming language and what some of the differences between C++ and Java, as well as what's actually happening on the system when we use certain statements, such as `using namespace`.

## What's in your way?
There doesn't yet seem to be anything in my way, so to speak. I am currently working at a part-time job in the tech field, taking three other intensive courses, and helping my fiancée plan our wedding, but I figure that as long as I stay on top of all of the work that I have/will have, I should make it through the semester just fine.

## What will you do next week?
Next week, I will set-up all of the tools and environments that will be needed for this semester. I will also be reading all of the materials assigned for the next few weeks, in an effort to keep myself from falling behind. 

## My experience with the class so far.
I was a little anxious before the first day of class; I signed-up for this course with Dr. Downing because I heard that I will learn quite a bit and become a much better programmer through this class -- I also heard that this is one of the hardest classes that one can take in the CS department (and this was coming from my course-advisor). The first two days of class have definitely alleviated some of the concern I've had about "how difficult a course/instructor" this will be/I will have. I don't think that this course will be easy, but I'm now approaching the next few weeks with a cautious optimism!

## Tip of the week:
There's a big problem with imposter-syndrome in the field of Computer Science. I believe this is due to, in part, the enormous variety of computer languages, software-programs, tools, environments, and hardware systems. Additionally, the field of Computer Science encompasses a wide-variety of specialties, and it's not uncommon for two specialties to **only** have knowledge relevant to their own area-of-focus, and this likely contributes to an aspiring student feeling like they hardly know anything about the field in which they study. I say this because I used to find myself frequently struggling with this -- I would often hesitate to begin a new program/project, try-out a new tool, or begin building something new with my Arduino/Raspberry Pi due to a fear that I would fail miserably and find out that I didn't belong in CS. My tip, then, is to ignore this fear (should you have it). Do not be afraid of failure -- learn a new programming language (or seven), utililze a new IDE, and try your hand at something new! 
