---
layout: post
title: Week-Nine
fullview: true
---

## What did you do this past week?
This past week, I finished up the Allocator project on my own. My partner and I had some unresolvable creative differences, so to speak.

## What's in your way?
Life circumstances, but there are ways to succeed nonetheless.

## What will you do next week?
Review all of the OOP material from the past exam through now. With the back-to-back projects that I've had over the past two weeks, the material hasn't really stuck with me.

## My experience with the class so far.
My experience is improving dramatically -- the class is definitely getting more detailed with regards to OOP concepts. Also, if you are like me and took the class to learn OOP (not just industry software development), be sure to do the readings that Professor Downing posts at the beginning of the semester.

## Tip of the week:
At my current student position, I've had the chance to discuss the cybersecurity profession with a seasoned professional, and she gave me two pieces of advice for budding cybersecurity professionals.    
1. Reputation (in the general sense of the word) counts for a lot in the community -- take care to build your reputation with your colleagues and try not to do too many things to tarnish it.    
2. Certificates are useful, but only kind of. Security+, CISSP, Networks+, etc. certifications can be a great way to get your foot in the door at many public/private firms, but they become considerably less valuable once you have a few years of demonstrated experience and, of course, the reputation to back it up.

## Joke of the week:
My morale this semester.
